swift-setuptools
================
 
The purpose of this python package is to help on deployinng a multi-node swift setup. 

* Requirements
    - Fabric
    - A user (e.g:swiftops) with ssh-key access to all other nodes and sudo privs
    - The storage node must already have all drives attached and available to the system

* Swift Environment Assumption
    - A Swift Admin box (MUST HAVE)
    - 3 or more swift nodes

    Depending on your setup/wishes 3 swift nodes using a SAIO setup is the minimal setup.
    But you can scale to whatever you want, eg: 1+ proxy + 5 storage nodes (acc, cont, obj)

* How its designed

First of all, you must have a "swift admin box" (aka: adminbox). This is the system
where you would be running this tool from and also the system that one would use to
connect to all other nodes over ssh/dsh for operations purposes. 

The admin box can serve several purposes. For example, it could be the ring builder station,
location for cronjob scripts that collect swift stats, revision control repository server
and many other things you may think of and think it would be suitable to have it on this system.
Later I will describe the "swift-adminbox-setup" and provide some more information on what you
get from this out-of-box setup. 

Before setting up any of the actuall swift nodes, the admin system must be setup and ready.
After this package installation, there will be a configuration sample file located under
/etc/swift-setuptools where the defaults should be properly changed. The first thing to do is
to generate the swift environment configuration files from the templates using the "swift-genconfigs"
script. Once that is done you could review the files, make changes, add new ones.. etc

The files that were generated by the "swift-genconfigs" script will serve as the initial source
for when one runs the "swift-adminbox-setup" script. This admin script is very simple that for now
just creates a git repo under /srv/git using the config files generated as the source. Then it
also setups git-daemon so that the git repo is available from each swift node.
 

    - Step 1: Use the 


